Are you colorblind?  The green is over there.
Try landing on the block next time.
Try landing on TOP of the blocks.
There is no cake down there.
Sorry - Anthony designed this level.
Seriously, I'm getting tired of watching you fail.
Please direct all level complaints to Anthony.
I'm sorry.
I enjoy hearing your screams.
Is the music too scary for you?
Player.get_rekt()
This isn't Skydiving Simulator 2015.
Why don't you just go back to Cookie Clicker?
There aren't trampolines down there.
Go home, you must be drunk.
Try not to fail this time.
This is your last life...or not.
Your Konami code doesn't work here.
Are you sure you want to be playing this?
Are you done abusing Spaceman yet?
Are you trying to be a rebel?
The goal is not to die...
You're not even halfway done.
Chris could finish this level faster than you.
I'm pretty sure an infinite number of monkeys would beat this game faster than you.
Sure, blame the lag.
You didn't do the dew, did you?
Another one bites the space-dust.
It was the Illuminati.
The exit wasn't that way.
I'd prefer to be done before the next ice age.
Are you looking for easter eggs?
You just died.  Again.
How many times are you going to die before you give up?
Yes - we're sure you can beat this.  We playtested it.
This level has a 1% success rate.  I believe in you.
Are you sure you know the controls?
I am disapoint
Keep your spirits up.
You did that on purpose, didn't you.
Ahahahahahahaha.  That was me.  Laughing at you.
Yes - that jump is possible.  I promise.
I haven't seen anyone fail at this level before.
I'm getting annoyed just watching you.
We were originally going to add enemies.  Aren't you glad we didn't?
Lasers kill.  Or they would, if they were in the game.
I used to believe in you.
Falling off the screen kills you.
Do you like making us waste resources on clones?
The screen doesn't wrap around.
That was entertaining.
Git gud scrub
You got nifed   #rekt
I'm tired of watching you die.
I'm running out of insults - please stop dying.
Don't worry - Ryan had to cheat on this level.  Damien didn't.
Come on, Zac could beat this on HIS laptop.
deathscreen.png
[insert insult here]
#crouton
The crouton beat this level.
Only YOU can prevent forest fires.
#rekt
All your lives are belong to us.
Russia has a better space program than this.
+1 Darwin Award!
Achievement Get: You died!
ET phoned home.  You didn't.
Do you know the definition of insanity?
You are teaching me new ways to die.
Git gud
You're wasting more clones than the galactic empire.
You're oh so vain, you probably think this death message is about you!
A high death count is not something to boast about.
That was impressive, until you died.
Are Death's parties cooler than mine?
That look on your face before you died, though...
Sorry, couldn't hear you over the sound of failure.
You know, that stunt almost worked.
The game didn't make you do that.
Take fifty...action!
That spaceman had a family.
Once again, excellent work.
Very impressive.
Did you even try?
No one will blame you for giving up.
Hello?
Do you enjoy petty failures?
What are you doing?
We made some of these levels easier.  Aren'y you glad?
Zac spent so much time on those animations just to watch you fail.
Uh oh.
Only a select few can survive falling into trash compactors.  You aren't one of them.
Fail much, you do.
Oh...you're still here?