Are you colorblind?  The green is over there.
Try landing on the block next time.
Try landing on TOP of the blocks.
There is no cake down there.
Sorry - Anthony designed this level.
Seriously, I'm getting tired of watching you fail.
Please direct all level complaints to Anthony.
I'm sorry.
I enjoy hearing your screams.
Is the music too scary for you?
Player.get_rekt()
This isn't Skydiving Simulator 2015.
Why don't you just go back to Cookie Clicker?
There aren't trampolines down there.
Go home, you must be drunk.
Try not to fail this time.
This is your last life...or not.
Your Konami code doesn't work here.
Are you sure you want to be playing this?
Are you done abusing Spaceman yet?
Are you trying to be a rebel?
The goal is not to die...
You're not even halfway done.
Chris could finish this level faster than you.
I'm pretty sure an infinite number of monkeys would beat this game faster than you.
Sure, blame the lag.
You didn't do the dew, did you?
Another one bites the space-dust.
It was the Illuminati.
The exit wasn't that way.
I'd prefer to be done before the next ice age.
Are you looking for easter eggs?
You just died.  Again.
How many times are you going to die before you give up?
Yes - we're sure you can beat this.  We playtested it.
This level has a 1% success rate.  I believe in you.
Are you sure you know the controls?
I am disapointed
Keep your spirits up.
You did that on purpose, didn't you.
Ahahahahahahaha.  That was me.  Laughing at you.
Yes - that jump is possible.  I promise.
I haven't seen anyone fail at this level before.
I'm getting annoyed just watching you.
We were originally going to add enemies.  Aren't you glad we didn't?
Lasers kill.  Or they would, if they were in the game.
I used to believe in you.
Falling off the screen kills you.
Do you like making us waste resources on clones?
The screen doesn't wrap around.
I'm tired of watching you die.
I'm running out of insults - please stop dieing.
Don't worry - Ryan had to cheat on this level.  Damian didn't.
Come on, Zac could beat this on HIS laptop.
deathscreen.png
[insert insult here]
#crouton
The crouton beat this level.
Only YOU can prevent forest fires.
#rekt
All your lives are belong to us.
Russia has a better space program than this.
+1 Darwin Award!
Achievement Unlocked: You died.
ET phoned home.  You didn't.
Do you know the definition of insanity?
You are teaching me new ways to die.
Git gud
You're wasting more clones than the galactic empire.
You're oh so vain, you probably think this death message is about you!